hi guys right see I wanted to show y'all
what was I was going to show you guys
what the natural texture of this hair
looks like before I plan on it I guess
oh look I forgot to do that so I did I
went ahead and flat iron on never really
flat on this hair because honey hey yeah
I'm gonna fall off but for some reason I
felt like doing that for this video
and then I felt like it was too straight
so I'm gonna put a little bump in it
because I like volume in my hair but um
I'm gonna do a update video on this hair
now I've got this hair installed about a
month ago and I went to the shirt effing
salon to Jacksonville Florida I love the
staff shout-out to my stylist cashews
often uh and uh alright that's just know
I'm gonna do for today so to be
completely honest with you this is the
first time that I've actually like since
I got one for my marriage in 2007 I
never really liked so ins in the past
because I preferred wigs because I felt
like I get to my scalp better I felt
like if I was tired and done with the
hair I can just rub it off I want a
proper own they're gonna have to worry
about it and the last time I got is soin
I really didn't like the way that the
stylist braided my hair and I didn't
like the style and my hair was just as
long as the weave and it was terrible
and I didn't I had leave out and I
didn't huh honey I have never had a
closure before and I know you're like
Michelle is 2015 what is what and I'm
like yes I know it's 2014 and it's my
first closer okay leave me alone and I
really really like even though I messed
it up even though I'm bleached it so I
like I bleached my closer really bad I
did
a bad bleaching job so um the stylist
she worked with what I had and she
parted it in such a way that you can't
tell all the disruption that I did
through this closure but it looks really
really nice and I have had such a
freedom this past month I haven't had to
worry about anything I haven't worried
about my hair if I was going someplace
nice I put some curls in my hair I could
watch the hair I didn't have any
problems with my scalp um you know being
too itchy all though yeah there were
some spots I couldn't reach but you know
but I got these claws honey and his
claws converging anywhere and I was
going like this going like that and I
was Pat it Pat it and it was okay um so
I'll be sad to take this hair out
because I love it so much it's so thick
and so I don't put anything I'm gonna
tell you I don't do anything to it there
have been a lot of times when I've gone
to the gym and put this bad boy in a
ponytail and let it down and it's
alright it's cute looking the butch I
can't do that with a wig I can't go
swimming I can't go to the water parks
with my children and jump in the pool
and you know I don't want to look up and
see my wigs bobbing next to me I don't
want that so I love so ends for that
reason alone it's just completely
stress-free I'm not even thinking about
it styling now to talk about the hair
itself I haven't had too much problems
with it of course I've had shedding
shedding is normal I don't know what you
can possibly do to arm not have any
shedding I know that there are certain
substances that you can put on the weft
of that up where the threads are to keep
the hair from shedding but I really
didn't deep condition his hair or do
anything you know fancy schmancy to it
not like I would do with my hair so yeah
I had some Shetty and basically has
shedding on my closure because I've
reached the mess out of it and it was
like trying to
you know Department hat this is my
raggedy fake Dimond brush that I got
where do I get this one okay this one's
beautify store so if I run my hands
through my hair I didn't get any
straight at that time but I noticed when
I was in the shower and I was detangling
I had some strands coming out but
nothing that's done I mean that's not
like you're gonna have strands all over
your sink when you're doing your hair or
anything like that so all in all um
this style has really I really do you
see what I did I haven't lost any
thickness my ends haven't become
see-through um I thought about cutting
it a few times but then I said no it's
not like a wig where if you you can take
it off your head you can put it on a
mannequin that's another thing um that
is probably one of the cons of having a
someone in my opinion because I know
that if I don't feel like wearing my
hair I could put it on a mannequin okay
you see this I put the wig on a
mannequin right and then I could let her
air dry I don't have to sit under the
dryer bag someplace to go
I can let her air dry and I can put
curls in her and I can Roller set her
and do whatever and stick her under the
dryer I don't want to sit under the
dryer and I could cut her hair and I
could see what it looks like from a
different perspective where I can't
really see the back and right here so
and it's not like I got one you know
there's infinity mirror things going on
where I can see what I'm doing so the
back sometimes isn't success sometimes
I'd let the back it looks so much like
press natural hair is so thick
especially when it's in its natural
state and I haven't flat ironed it yet
it has all these beautiful textured
crinkly things going on and it just
looks like it grew out of my scalp so oh
no I'm pleased I am very pleased and
when I say I'm
it I am I mean I'm not the hardest
please but you know the last one I got
was 2007 and I just didn't like it so
much that I hadn't had one since so um
this is the first so one that I really
really like the hair is nice and I like
everything about it I didn't even cut it
anymore I didn't lose any color when I
was washing it
it took the conditioner and and
everything really well I don't know I
liked it I don't know what you're
supposed to update when you update video
so but oh hey guys have my hair was
holding up and that everything is
shouting but yeah it's July my birthday
is coming up my birthday's on the 9th
and I'm going to be in my 30s still I'll
talk to you guys later